Edits to PGD4K PR5541 (#5582)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/postgres_distributed_for_kubernetes/1/identify_images/identify_image_name.mdx

---
title: 'Identifying image names'
---

For a quick installation with the aim of testing the product, see the [Quick start](/postgres_distributed_for_kubernetes/latest/quickstart/).
For more targeted testing or production purposes, 

> this overview describes how to select a specific operand and proxy image version that's appropriate for your Postgres distribution.

Author: I *think* that's what you meant by "goes in line with"?

## Operand image name 

See [Operand images](/postgres_distributed_for_kubernetes/latest/private_registries/#operand-images) for general information about the images.  

### Name elements 

> The operand image name is composed of the Postgres type, EDB Postgres Distributed, their version numbers, and the build version.

Author: I think leaving the version numbers of the list was confusing.

**Postgres type:** The first part of the image name is the Postgres type you're using. The table shows how Postgres types correspond to this part of the image name.

| Postgres type                | Image name            |
|------------------------------|-----------------------|
| EDB Postgres Advanced Server | edb-postgres-advanced |
| EDB Postgres Extended Server | edb-postgres-extended |
| PostgreSQL                   | postgresql            |

> **EDB Postgres Distributed:** For all environment configurations, `pgd` is the next part of the image name.

Author: I think this is what you were saying? Avoid a one-row table.

**Version numbers:** The versions of the Postgres type and PGD, separated by a dash, are next in the image name.

> **Build version:** The build version is 1, unless a new image is created in the scope of a security patch.

Author: What if it *is* created in the scope of the security patch?

Reviewer: I wish I could be more clear here, but unfortunately there is no place the user can go to see a list of the existing builds. Given that this is the first version of the product, the team has not prioritized this at the moment, hence why I am being vague. 
Do you think this is a bit better? 

```suggestion
**Build version:** The build version is 1. If a new image is created to include a security patch, the build version is replaced by a new number in consecutive order, for example, 2.
```

Author: What if you just said:

**Build version:** Currently the only build version is 1.

Author: Looks good!

### Assembling the operand image name 

These identifiers, together with their versions, create the operand image name. The table shows some examples. 

| Postgres version           | EDB Postgres Distributed version | Build | Operand image name                       |
|----------------------------|----------------------------------|-------|------------------------------------------|
| EDB Postgres Advanced 16.2 | PGD 5.4.1                        | 1     | edb-postgres-advanced-pgd:16.2.0-5.4.1-1 |
| EDB Postgres Extended 15.6 | PGD 5.4.0                        | 1     | edb-postgres-extended-pgd:15.6-5.4.0-1   |
| PostgreSQL 16.2            | PGD 5.4.1                        | 1     | postgresql-pgd:16.2-5.4.1-1              |

!!! Note Postgres version format

>     For PostgreSQL and EDB Extended Server images, the Postgres version is in `x.y` format, for example, 15.6. For EDB Postgres Advanced Server, the Postgres version is in `x.y.z` format, for example, 15.6.2.

Author: Passive voice was confusing here (is provided in). I wasn't sure if this was a user action. But in re-reading the content, I think this is about selecting the image name, not creating one.

Reviewer: You are correct; this is more about finding a different image name if you don't want to install what is provided by default (for example, because you are using an older Postgres version). I think your suggestion works well here.

For an overview of Postgres compatibility, see [Platform compatibility](https://www.enterprisedb.com/resources/platform-compatibility).

## Proxy image name 

> The proxy image name and version derive from EDB Postgres Distributed. See the [EDB Postgres Distributed release notes](/pgd/latest/rel_notes/) for an overview of PGD versions and corresponding PGD proxy versions. The table shows an example. 

Author: Don't use colons to introduce a table.
